the types of decisions that I usually make, Um, tend to be standard. Um,
What type of training are you doing? Are you doing it? Well, um,
if you don't have some information for something Well, this is the resource.
Let me help you find the resource every now and then. You know,
actually, a pretty often you're faced with decisions concerning
people's careers, and that's when your job gets really interesting.
So somebody comes and says they want to join an officer program. And
that's when you really have to, like, let the light shine on them.
You have tow, figure out how to get them in a ward. How toe modify
the wards so that it makes shines them in the best light. How to make
sure that their evaluation looks spot on how to make sure that they
don't have any problems in their old evaluations. So those for those
times that's when your stress level is a little bit higher because
you know that you're dealing with someone else's career. So you have,
um, situation like that pretty often as a chief